(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL"...
(Astral)
According to the map,
the Number we seek is
somewhere here
in the ruins of Spartan City.
(Yuma)
Whoa!
Check out
the duelist in the mask!
That looks like Nistro...
(Alito)
Strange...
I feel like I've walked
through here before.
That card
is mine for the taking!
(Nistro)
Hey!
What are you doing here?
Alito!
This Number is eager to
go into battle with me!
But if I wield it myself,
the risk would be too great.
You're a duelist, right?
Then you'll love this card!
Check it out!
Hold on.
This is a Number card!
That's right!
And you will now use it
to defeat Yuma for me!
(Yuma)
Duel Disk, go!
(all)
Let's duel!
(Nistro)
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Number 54: Lion Heart!
That must be the Number
from these ruins!
Go, Lion Heart!
Pouncing Punch!
(yelling)
(Alito)
As a puppet,
he's very useful...
and completely disposable!
Alito, I can't believe
you're battling this way!
You wouldn't have sunk this
low when we dueled before!
That was then, Yuma.
Now I'll do anything to make
you pay for defeating me!
♪♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand
in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ And just
wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls can't
be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regretting never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Big defeat ♪
♪ Do all
that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
♪♪
I'll use Nistro to crush you
and get my
revenge for beating me!
Alito...
Yuma be careful.
That Barian's Lion Heart may
be weak in attack points,
but I am afraid
that its special ability
makes it a serious threat
to both us and them.
That's true.
But by forcing Nistro to
do all the dirty work,
Alito's off the hook!
Those lights...
what are they?
They're spirits.
Each blue light is the spirit of
a brave warrior
who once fought in this
coliseum and lost in battle.
That is all that Alito requires
of me for now,
so I end my turn.
Nistro, I'm gonna do
whatever takes to make you
snap outta this!
I'm up!
Yeah!
Utopia, attack Alito's monster!
Big mistake, Yuma!
I activate Battlin' Boxer Rib
Gardna's special ability!
Now my Boxer can bob
and weave past your attack,
so Utopia has to attack a
different monster instead.
That means Utopia has to
attack Lion Heart!
And Rib Gardna has
another special ability.
When Utopia attacks an
Xyz Monster,
all of Utopia's Overlay Units
are sent to the graveyard!
Oh man, that was a sneaky move!
This is not good, Yuma...
That's right!
In fact, this is
the beginning of your end!
Go, Nistro!
(Nistro)
Lion Heart's special ability
activates!
Not only does
Lion Heart survive your attack,
but you take the same amount
of damage that I take!
(gasping)
This is going to
finish off Yuma and Astral!
That's right!
My revenge will
soon be complete!
(gasping)
♪♪
This attack will
finish off Yuma and Astral!
That's right!
My revenge will
soon be complete!
I activate my trap
Butterspy Protection!
The amount of damage that Yuma
takes is cut in half!
Thank you!
(yelling)
Nistro, no!
Tough break for Nistro,
but at least
they don't have to
worry about Lion Heart.
Is he okay?
Oh, Yuma...
Nistro will be fine...
thanks to another of
Lion Heart's
special abilities.
By using an Overlay Unit,
when Nistro's life points
become zero,
he regains 100 life points!
Go, Reviving Jolt!
(groaning)
Are you okay, Nistro?
This is remarkable!
As long as Lion Heart has
Overlay Units, it will be
impossible to knock
Nistro out of the duel!
(Alito)
True... but Nistro's
mind and body
will feel the strain
more and more.
And you couldn't care less!
(chuckling maniacally)
I activate Butterspy
Protection's other effect!
Once the battle ends,
I'm switching your Lion Heart
to defense mode!
Good move!
Lion Heart can't be destroyed
only when it's in attack mode.
So in defense mode
it's vulnerable.
That's it for now.
I'm ending my turn.
Nistro!
Stop letting that twerp treat
you like you're his puppet!
Me?
A twerp?!
You have to resist him.
Put up a fight!
Your efforts are useless.
I have complete control of him.
(laughing maniacally)
Let's continue!
I draw!
I summon Battlin' Boxer
Rabbit Puncher!
Then I'll overlay Rabbit Puncher
with my Battlin'
Boxer Rib Gardna!
Now I can use them to build
the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Battlin' Boxer
Cheat Commissioner!
Cheat, Cheat.
Cheat Commissioner,
rough up Utopia!
It looks pretty tough,
but it's as harmless as a fly!
Do not count on that, Yuma...
Cheat Commissioner, time to
use your special ability!
When the Commissioner
is battling,
it has the authority
to change every monster
on the field to attack mode!
(all gasping)
Forced Fighting Stance!
Your troubles are far from over!
Cheat Commissioner prefers to
keep the peace, not break it,
so it can have someone else
fight in its place!
Whoa, did you
see that switcheroo?
I did and I would say that we
have been placed
in a precarious position, Yuma.
That's an understatement!
In fact, I have you both
hopelessly beaten!
(Dextra)
Not so fast, Barian!
I activate my trap
Butterspy Courage!
This'll make sure
you don't lay a claw
on Yuma's Utopia,
because your monster
now has to attack
my Butterspy instead!
Bring it, Nistro!
Dextra!
Are you sure you
wanted to do that?
(yelling)
You okay, Dextra?
I think I'll be all right.
What about Nistro?
I won't let Nistro
go down for the count yet.
He's still got work to do.
Go, Reviving Jolt!
Nistro!
(Nistro groaning)
(Alito)
He's almost
as good as new!
You should be
ashamed of yourself.
Your fans think you're a hero.
And a real hero
wouldn't let himself
get brainwashed by the bad guy!
Don't waste your time
trying to break Nistro
free from my control.
He's completely under my power!
Not if I can help it, Alito!
I summon Morpho Butterspy!
And...
that lets me also summon
Blue Mountain Butterspy!
I overlay Level 4 Swallowtail,
Morpho and Blue Mountain
Butterspies!
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Night
Papilloperative!
It's packin' some
major attack points!
(Astral)
Yes, but
against Lion Heart,
all that power could
actually put it
at a distinct disadvantage!
But that's not all,
because I'm also
activating the spell
Overlay Capture!
And that's bad news
for your Lion Heart,
because this spell seizes
one Overlay Unit from it
and gives it to my Xyz Monster!
Awesome!
Since Lion Heart
has no Overlay Units,
it will be unable to
revive Nistro.
(Dextra)
Nistro, just a bit longer
and I'll have you free of
the Barian's control!
I know what you're up to.
It won't work...
because I'm activating my
trap Xyz Battle Chain!
It stops your spell from
affecting my Xyz Monster!
So that means your Overlay
Capture captures nothing!
(Yuma)
You mean Lion Heart gets
its Overlay Unit back?
Yes!
But it's worse than that
because Xyz Battle Chain
also forces your delicate
bug to attack Lion Heart!
Prepare to strike, Lion Heart!
I activate Night
Papilloperative's
special ability!
By using an Overlay Unit,
Night Papilloperative
gains 400 attack points
for each Overlay Unit
on the field.
Since there are five
Overlay Units on the field,
it gains 2,000 attack points!
She's playing
right into my hands.
Her monster got
a major power boost!
But all those attack points
will be damaging Dextra herself!
She must know that,
but I think this could be her
way of sending a message.
(gasping)
Dextra must be
hoping that this exchange
will jolt Nistro and bring
him back to his senses.
Attack!
Strike at Lion Heart with
all the force you possess!
Snap Nistro out of his trance!
Nistro, hear me!
Come back to your senses
before it's too late!
You're stronger
than that Barian!
Break free from his control!
(yelling)
Dextra!
Dextra, hang on, you'll be okay!
Sorry, Yuma.
It's over.
I may be out of this duel,
but you can still use my monster
that's on the field.
Night Papilloperative
can help you defeat
that Barian and save Nistro.
It's going to be
two against one now!
Work your magic, Lion Heart!
Bring back Nistro!
(yelling)
(Alito)
Get up!
We have work to do!
Knock it off!
(laughing maniacally)
Now, Yuma...
I'll complete my
victory by activating
the trap Numbers Overlay Boost!
Did you feel safe
because Lion Heart
ran out of Overlay Units?
Too bad because this trap
changes two cards in my hand
into Overlay Units
for Lion Heart!
Rise, Nistro.
Time for you to finish off Yuma!
Nistro...
(Nistro)
It's my turn.
I draw!
(Alito)
He drew Barian's Force!
But with this next move,
Yuma will lose.
So we won't even need it.
(Alito)
Well, Nistro,
what are you waiting for?
Attack with your Lion Heart!
Use its special
ability to destroy Yuma!
I activate the equip spell...
Stoic Challenge!
By sending all of Lion Heart's
Overlay Units to the graveyard,
I can equip it with
this spell card.
Stoic Challenge powers up
Lion Heart by 600 attack points
for each Overlay Unit
that it lost!
And not only that, it also
doubles all battle damage!
No, that's not
what I want you to do!
In order to use this,
Lion Heart must be destroyed on
the next turn, however.
Why is Nistro working
against Alito's strategy?
That's not all!
I'm also equipping Lion Heart
with the spell Heroic Growth!
When I have fewer
life points than Yuma,
Heroic Growth doubles
Lion Heart's attack points!
It now has more
attack points than Utopia!
(yelling)
All right!
That's more like it!
I just knew the Nistro we know
was still in there somewhere!
Lion Heart, attack Utopia!
You're taking double the damage
thanks to Stoic Challenge.
With that, I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
What does he think he's doing?
He wants to win this his way.
You've been dueling
like a coward,
but Nistro duels like a warrior!
Looks like Nistro's free of
Alito's control.
Not really.
Alito still has control of
Nistro's mind.
And yet, when Dextra
attacked him full force,
it must've stirred something
inside Nistro
that rebelled against being
someone else's puppet
and made him want to duel
with all his skill and power.
Nistro is battling with
the fury of
a true duelist now!
(yelling)
Nistro!
This showdown is gonna be epic!
Here goes!
I draw!
To get things rolling,
I'll activate
the spell Xyz Shift!
This'll shake this duel up
because it lets me swap
Night Papilloperative
with another Xyz Monster.
Then I summon another
monster of the same Rank!
It's the most noble of
all knights...
Heroic Champion... Excalibur!
And the awesomeness
doesn't end there,
'cause Xyz Shift becomes
an Overlay Unit for Excalibur!
Nistro!
Remember that battle when
you gave me this monster?
You made me promise to
fight every duel
with everything I've got!
And that's just
what I plan to do!
I use all of Excalibur's
Overlay Units
to double its attack points!
Go, Excalibur!
Attack Lion Heart!
Oh yeah?
Well, I'm activating
Battler's Cry!
You doubled your
monster's attack points?
Well, two can play at that game!
I double my
monster's attack points too!
Amazing move!
Way to max out
the pressure on me, Nistro!
Yuma...
I counter your counter
with the trap Soul Strike!
By paying half of my
life points,
I can increase
the attack points of
my monster by the exact
same amount!
Yeah, why bother?
You only strengthened Excalibur
by a 100 attack points!
What happened to Lion Heart?
Yuma made that move so he'd have
the same life points as Nistro.
No way!
Nistro's spell Heroic Growth
only works when he possesses
fewer life points than Yuma!
Nistro used an equip spell to
strengthen Lion Heart.
Then Heroic Growth
doubled those attack points.
They were doubled again by his
Battler's Cry trap.
But now that Heroic Growth
has been neutralized,
Lion Heart loses attack points!
Wait!
That means...
Excalibur, finish off
Lion Heart right now!
Not so fast, Yuma!
The only one finishing
anything off
around here is me!
I activate Cheat Commissioner's
special ability!
I use all of its Overlay Units
to end the battle
and activate a spell from
another player's hand!
And I know just the one!
Nistro, activate Barian's Force
to pave the path to victory!
(growling)
Listen, Nistro!
I command you to activate
the spell Barian's Force!
Yuma, you must stop this!
Right!
I'm playing
the trap Overlay Marker!
(gasping)
Since Cheat Commissioner
has no more Overlay Units,
this trap stops its special
ability and destroys it.
Furthermore, you take damage
equal to the total attack points
of the Xyz Monsters in battle!
And that total is 6,700 points!
There's no way I can take
all that damage and survive!
Exactly!
You deserve to get knocked out
after what you did to Nistro!
(yelling)
(Alito)
These memories...
Are they really mine?
(yelling)
It wasn't pretty,
but at least he pulled it off.
I don't understand...
Where did those
memories come from?
Alito...
Nistro, are you okay?
(groaning)
Nistro!
Come on, you gotta wake up!
Yuma, what's going on?
♪♪
(Yuma)
Whoa!
I found another
coin from my dad!
I could sense that he was
watching over me
while I was dueling!
(Nistro clearing throat)
Maybe you should keep
this Number card, too.
I wish you'd told me
you were taking on these
Barians, Yuma.
Just give me the word
and I'll drop
everything to help you!
No thanks!
I'd never let you
abandon your dream!
You told me you wanted to
give all your fans hope!
You're not gonna
let them down, are you?
Of course not.
(chuckling)
♪♪
(announcer)
That was a duel for the ages!
Spartan City has a new champion!
Put your hands together
for Nistromo the Star Voyager!
Nistromo!
You're the best!
Do you think I could be a
dueling champ like you someday?
Sure!
Just don't ever give up!
Always follow your dreams
and they can take you
all the way to the stars!
I can't believe
nobody woke me up
and I missed out on all
the excitement!
Sorry!
We thought you needed your
beauty sleep!
What's that supposed to mean?
How come I always get stuck
on this flying barge?
If you don't
bring me along next time,
I'm going on strike!
Yuma...
Are you thinking about Alito?
He took control of Nistro...
and almost destroyed us.
You must surely see he is our
enemy and will never change!
(Yuma)
Alito, I don't understand what
happened to change you so much,
but I really hope that one day
you and I will face each other
again... as friends.
So keep your Duel Disk prepped,
'cause I'll be comin' for ya!